chore: Document IAM permissions needed for Lambda Flare (#1605)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/lambda/README.md

| `--start` and `--end` |           | Only gather logs within the time range (`--with-logs` must be included.) Both arguments are numbers in milliseconds since Unix Epoch. |         |
| `--dry-run`           | `-d`      | Preview collected data which would be sent to Datadog support.                                                                        | `false` |

**Permissions**

> To run this command, you need to have these IAM permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this command, you must have the following IAM permissions:
```

- `lambda:GetFunction`
- `lambda:ListTags`

> - `logs:DescribeLogStreams`, if `--with-logs` is set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `logs:DescribeLogStreams` (required if `--with-logs` is set)
```

> - `logs:GetLogEvents`, if `--with-logs` is set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `logs:GetLogEvents` (required if `--with-logs` is set)
```
